Download the labeled training dataset from this link: Bag of Words Meets Bags of Popcorn. 
Part 1: Using the TextBlob Sentiment Analyzer
Import the movie review data as a data frame and ensure that the data is loaded properly.
How many of each positive and negative reviews are there?
Use TextBlob to classify each movie review as positive or negative. Assume that a polarity score greater than or equal to zero is a positive sentiment and less than 0 is a negative sentiment.
Check the accuracy of this model. Is this model better than random guessing?
For up to five points extra credit, use another prebuilt text sentiment analyzer, e.g., VADER, and repeat steps (3) and (4).
Part 2: Prepping Text for a Custom Model
If you want to run your own model to classify text, it needs to be in proper form to do so. The following steps will outline a procedure to do this on the movie reviews text.
Convert all text to lowercase letters.
Remove punctuation and special characters from the text.
Remove stop words.
Apply NLTK’s PorterStemmer.
Create a bag-of-words matrix from your stemmed text (output from (4)), where each row is a word-count vector for a single movie review (see sections 5.3 & 6.8 in the Machine Learning with Python Cookbook). Display the dimensions of your bag-of-words matrix. The number of rows in this matrix should be the same as the number of rows in your original data frame.
Create a term frequency-inverse document frequency (tf-idf) matrix from your stemmed text, for your movie reviews (see section 6.9 in the Machine Learning with Python Cookbook). Display the dimensions of your tf-idf matrix. These dimensions should be the same as your bag-of-words matrix.
Additional Comments
The bag-of-words and tf-idf matrices are stored as sparse matrices because most entries are zero.
Each row in the bag-of-words/tf-idf matrices corresponds to a movie review.
The columns in the bag-of-words/tf-idf matrices correspond to unique words appearing in the movie reviews.
Entries in the bag-of-words matrix are the number of times a word appears in a review.
Entries in the tf-idf matrix are numbers representing the word importance in a review.
The bag-of-words/tf-idf matrices are possible feature (input) matrices for model building.
We will revisit this preprocessed text data to build a custom model in the future.