Part 1: PCA and Variance Threshold in a Linear Regression
Import the housing data as a data frame and ensure that the data is loaded properly.
Drop the "Id" column and any features that are missing more than 40% of their values.
For numerical columns, fill in any missing data with the median value.
For categorical columns, fill in any missing data with the most common value (mode).
Convert the categorical columns to dummy variables.
Split the data into a training and test set, where the SalePrice column is the target.
Run a linear regression and report the R2-value and RMSE on the test set.
Fit and transform the training features with a PCA so that 90% of the variance is retained (see section 9.1 in the Machine Learning with Python Cookbook).
How many features are in the PCA-transformed matrix?
Transform but DO NOT fit the test features with the same PCA.
Repeat step 7 with your PCA transformed data.
Take your original training features (from step 6) and apply a min-max scaler to them.
Find the min-max scaled features in your training set that have a variance above 0.1 (see Section 10.1 in the Machine Learning with Python Cookbook).
Transform but DO NOT fit the test features with the same steps applied in steps 11 and 12.
Repeat step 7 with the high variance data.
Summarize your findings


Part 2:

Part 2: Categorical Feature Selection
Download the data from this link Mushroom Classification. Based on several categorical features, you will predict whether or not a mushroom is edible or poisonous.
Import the data as a data frame and ensure it is loaded correctly.
Convert the categorical features (all of them) to dummy variables.
Split the data into a training and test set.
Fit a decision tree classifier on the training set.
Report the accuracy and create a confusion matrix for the model prediction on the test set.
Create a visualization of the decision tree.
Use a χ2-statistic selector to pick the five best features for this data (see section 10.4 of the Machine Learning with Python Cookbook).
Which five features were selected in step 7? Hint: Use the get_support function.
Repeat steps 4 and 5 with the five best features selected in step 7.
Summarize your findings.